------------------------------------------------
    Change log made by Y.Li (2015-06-26)
------------------------------------------------
Overview:
- This version is intended for the branch <adamward-THMB> that couples Agro-IBIS and THMB
- Other featuers also added to this version, for details and usage, refer to <User Guide for Agro-IBIS Branch adamward-THMB>

------------------------------------------------
    End Change log made by Y.Li
------------------------------------------------

Important things to know about building and running Agro-IBIS

Last updated 5/28/10 by Bill Sacks (WJS; wsacks@gmail.com)

--- Table of Contents ---

I. Notes on doing an initial checkout and setup of the Agro-IBIS code
II. How to change the climate dataset (e.g., zedx vs. cru/ncep)

--- I. Notes on doing an initial checkout and setup of the Agro-IBIS code ---

(Section last updated 5/28/10)

After obtaining Agro-IBIS from the subversion repository, or another
similar source, you must do the following things before compiling and
running the Agro-IBIS code:

--- OPTION A ---

Choose this option if you want to copy the configuration of an existing
Agro-IBIS installation. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: This will only work properly if the existing
installation is up-to-date in terms of the format of ibis.infile, other
*.tmpl files, and the input directory. 

(1) Run 'copy_setup /path/to/old/agro-ibis_installation'
	- Where you should replace '/path/to/old/agro-ibis_installation'
	with the actual path to the existing Agro-IBIS installation
	whose configuration you wish to copy. 

This does the following things:

	- For each <filename>.tmpl, copies the local file (without the
	  '.tmpl') from the existing installation to this directory (see
	  below, under OPTION B, for notes on the *.tmpl files)

	- Makes a symbolic link, 'input', pointing to the existing input
	  directory (or its target, if it is a link itself)

	- Sets up output and restart directories


--- OPTION B ---

Choose this option if you do not already have a working installation of
Agro-IBIS, or if you want to start fresh.

(1) Run 'initial_setup'. This does the following:

	- Copies each <filename>.tmpl (i.e. template files) to
          <filename>

		- Your personal modifications should be done to the
		  files without '.tmpl' (e.g. modify 'ibis.infile'
		  rather than 'ibis.infile.tmpl'). Changes to these
		  files will not be seen by the subversion repository.

		- If you want to make changes that others will see
		  (after you make your next checkin to subversion),
		  modify the *.tmpl files.
	
		- Basic customizations of the makefile (choosing your
                  compiler and optimization level) should be done in
                  'makefile.config'

		- Note: if you later do an 'svn update' and see that
                  some of these *.tmpl files have changed, you may have
                  to update your personal copy of the file(s) to reflect
                  this change. For example, if some new parameters were
                  added to ibis.infile.tmpl, you will have to update
                  your personal copy of ibis.infile to also include
                  these new parameters: these changes to your personal
                  copies are not done automatically.

	- Sets up output directory

	- Sets up restart directory

(2) Create an 'input' directory

	- Either copy over the netCDF files or make a symbolic link to
          them ('ln -s')

(3) Configure makefile.config for your compiler, desired optimization
level, version identifier, and other user-specific compiler flags.

	- Again, user-specific changes should go in makefile.config. You
          should change makefile.config.tmpl IF AND ONLY IF you want
          everyone else's makefile.config to be modified the next time
          you do a checkin to subversion.

(4) Modify ibis.infile and comgrid.f, if necessary

	- Again, user-specific changes should go in ibis.infile and
          comgrid.f. You should change ibis.infile.tmpl and
          comgrid.f.tmpl IF AND ONLY IF you want everyone else's
          versions of these files to be modified the next time you do a
          checkin to subversion


--- AFTER DOING OPTION A OR OPTION B, ABOVE ---

You may then, optionally, run setup_run <dirname> to setup a run in the
given subdirectory. That will allow you to perform multiple runs without
worrying about their outputs overwriting each other.

      
--- II. How to change the climate dataset (e.g., zedx vs. cru/ncep) ---

(1) Change the 'datasource' parameter in ibis.infile to an existing
input description file in input_descriptions, or make a new input
description file describing the climate dataset you want to use.

(2) If necessary (e.g., if the new dataset has a different resolution),
change the parameters in comgrid.f (nlat, nlon, npoi, etc.) to be
consistent with the new dataset.

(3) Put the new input files in the 'input' directory, if they're not
already there. If the new dataset has a different resolution or extent,
then you will also have to replace the other IBIS input files. Bill's
recommendation: put all of the input files needed for a run at a given
resolution in a directory outside of your Agro-IBIS directory. Then
simply make a symbolic link pointing to this directory ('ln -s
</PATH/TO/INPUT/FILES> input'). Make sure that the file names and paths
are consistent with those given in the input description file that you
chose in step 1.
